Hey, good morning family, praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We're excited to be here.
Well, praise the Lord.
Yes, we're here to work it; we have work to do, a path to clear, a road to lay.
Everything is so important in the spirit realm right now.
I have such an urgency; Diana and I both do.
I want you to visualize what he was saying yesterday: acting like it's already done.
For your miracle, what would you do if you got what you're believing for in the next five minutes?
If you knew the breakthrough was coming through in the next five minutes and you could set your timer on it, what would you do?
How would you act?
In just that split second he downloaded that to me yesterday, he said, 'Act like you've already got it.
' Let your praise, like Brother Hagin said, let your praises equal your prayers.
If you're praying a lot about it, let it be like a scale in the spirit realm.
Let your praises elevate and go up as much as you're praying about it.
Praise, prayer; praise, prayer.
So that you're glorifying God and you're praying, but you're taking the care out of your prayer.
We're not begging believers; we're believing believers that realize the manifestation is coming.
We're not trying to persuade God to give us something: 'God, please, please bring my miracle.
' No, thank you.
I'm taking the care and the worry.
'Oh God, they gave me a bad report.
Oh God, they told me that they're going to come and repo our car tomorrow, or I don't have enough money tomorrow.
Lord, the light bill is due and I need a new pair of shoes.
' You've got all this care because of the deadline, the pressure of time.
Bending to the pressure of time—the pressure is always on you.
The bills are always due, the kids need food, the kids need new shoes, new clothes, the school is wanting some kind of field trip.
You've got a need, but the care of the world weighs on our shoulders.
It's just human nature.
But read that scripture: 'Be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God.
' So with thanksgiving, yes.
That's what he was telling me: act like you've already got it.
Get into the prayer vein of believing that you've received it before you've got it, and stay in the atmosphere of saying, 'Thank you, Father.
I just believe I'm going to receive.
' I'm not going to take the care of 'I've got to have this right now.
' I thought this was interesting also in 1 Peter 3:7: 'Husbands, likewise, dwell with them with understanding, giving honor to the wife as to the weaker vessel and as being heirs together of the grace of life, that your prayers may not be hindered.
' So he's saying if you're not honoring your wife and you're not treating her right, your prayers will be hindered.
1 Peter 3:7 states that if we don't honor our wives and treat them right, your prayers aren't going to be heard; they're going to be hindered.
There is a flow of honoring your spouse.
Wife, honor your husband too, but there is a flow as the head of the house.
If you are treating your wife like trash and you're just a bully, your prayers will be hindered.
Those scriptures pop out and make you realize it's all an equilibrium.
The spirit realm is alive, and to get things active like an engine, you've got all the pistons firing, the fan belt, all of it going.
But if one thing is off, that car won't go very far.
When you put your prayer and you get all the things in motion like that engine, that car has the ability to go really fast.
But if it's off just even by a little bit, the whole thing is off-kilter.
If you get the timing belt wrong, you're going to throw a rod; it's over.
I'm trying to compare prayer and walking by faith to an engine.
How do you make the engine in the spirit realm run at 100 miles per hour so that we're doing it full force and not having these delayed responses?
Faith works by love.
If you're not walking in love, you're not going to get your blessing.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
When people talk bad about you on the internet, I take no account of suffering wrong.
There are plenty of times I could do it every day, and I go, 'Oh God, help me, Father, to take no account of a suffered wrong.
' These people are running me down on Twitter, on X, and saying all sorts of things.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Help me to come up higher in my love walk because the Bible says that faith works by love.
God is love, and perfect love casteth out all fear because fear has torment, and fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
All these things are an equilibrium.
Getting it in motion so that the prayer engine works.
How do we make this prayer engine work?
More praise, more thanksgiving, more glory to God, more honoring him, lifting up holy hands, and keeping your heart right.
I want impartation from the Holy Spirit every day, and I want to be changed from glory to glory every day.
I don't want to keep going down the highway the wrong way and wasting time day after day.
If nothing is changing, it's because it's off-kilter.
You're going, 'Lord, what's broken in this engine?
' If I can help you with one thing through these videos and you grab one little thing that changes your life forever, then we've done our job.
I want to help you get higher in your prayer.
When the care of life tries to choke you out, that's one of the big ones.
I try so hard not to pray the care because begging is not believing.
Get your care out of your prayer.
Yes, get your care out of your prayer.
God is not moved by your need; he's moved by your faith.
Without faith, it is impossible to please him.
For he that cometh to God must believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
I pray that you all get a little something and add that to your engine.
Instead of going down the same road expecting different results and going, 'Why is my life so messed up?
' You learn by trial and error, and by listening to Brother Hagin, you go through life's emotions and say, 'Holy Spirit, I can't do this without you.
' He corrects those he loves.
I told Diana, 'Do I get a lot right?
' because I feel I'm always being molded and corrected.
I want to just be on the right road doing the right thing.
You can't put a square tire on a car and expect it to run, Brandon.
You've got to put a round tire on there.
I walk away, and it happens a lot.
Even to Brandon, I'll give him a tidbit so he doesn't struggle with this when he gets older.
Learn it now, Brandon, so when you get to my age, you're far more advanced.
I don't want my kids to go through those stupid mistakes.
I was talking about how we bring prayer to a different level—it's bringing a different atmosphere of thanksgiving.
'God, thank you for what you're about to do.
' May is almost here; I'm going to anticipate something huge in May.
Just have that attitude of expectation.
I am expecting God to show up and show off in my life today.
Even if you didn't get your breakthrough today, I'm expecting God to show up tomorrow.
When I open my eyes, I have another opportunity.
God, I thank you that this is just the beginning.
I expect God to talk to me whenever I'm praying.
I said something; he's going to say something.
He wants to lead and guide me.
There are some things he tells us that I keep private, for direction for us.
But I believe God's going to say something as you pray.
The Bible says, 'I hear my father's voice, and a stranger's voice I won't follow.
' As you communicate with the Father, you expect expectation back.
It would be rude if you talked to somebody and they never said anything.
We keep our spiritual ears open.
That's exactly where the Lord is.
He's going to talk.
It's like a marriage, a dance.
You lead, I follow.
He's going to talk.
Spirit-led prayers—we're being filled on a daily basis.
It is a dialogue, a two-way conversation.
My Father loves me, and he talks to me.
Stop saying, 'I don't hear God.
' I see it in the comment section all the time.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
Start saying, 'I hear my Father talk to me.
' You have what you say.
Life and death are in the power of your tongue.
You are reaping the fruit of everything you're saying.
If you say, 'God doesn't speak to me,' he's not speaking to you because you don't have ears to hear.
He that has ears to hear, let him hear what the Spirit is saying.
I have ears to hear.
I hear you, Father, even a pin dropping.
I hear the still, small voice inside of me.
I hear my Father talk to me.
I will listen to him, and he will talk to me on a regular basis.
I will not hear a familiar spirit or a demonic voice.
I only hear my Father's voice.
I'm not going to hear you, devil.
I will not hear audible voices of devils talking to me.
I only hear what God has to say.
Start saying that over yourself.
We always know when it's the devil because it brings confusion, fear, and torment.
If you're tormented, it isn't God.
God brings peace and joy.
'The Ultimate Voice' is a wonderful book by Oral Roberts.
Just like he says at the end of every chapter, 'So listen, listen again, listen today.
' He's always speaking, and he doesn't speak just to hear himself talk.
He speaks to make real things happen in a real world.
It's called 'The Ultimate Voice' by Oral Roberts.
Get it, amazing book.
Keep saying, 'I hear my Father talk to me.
' I am going to be victorious in every area of my life and I'm going to go after that giant's head and take it.
Perfect love casteth out all fear.
If you're hearing fear and tolerating it, it's not God.
Make sure it's not a spirit of forebodings.
Come against the spirit of forebodings.
A spirit of forebodings will always whisper, 'Something bad is about to happen.
' The Holy Spirit will warn us about things to come, but if you have that caution inside and you have peace, that's him.
If you don't have peace, the peace is your umpire.
Follow the peace.
I have a dear sister who said she didn't have peace about doing something.
Don't buck peace.
If you don't have joy and peace, check yourself.
Never make decisions when you don't have peace.
If they need an answer right now, the answer is no.
'No' is a complete sentence.
I'm following the peace of God.
When you follow the peace of God, peace follows on your marriage, your children, and your finances.
Father, we just lift up this body right now.
I thank you, Father, that you were wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we are healed.
Thank you for what you did for us 2,000 years ago.
Jesus, you are the ultimate sacrifice, the Lamb slain before the foundation of the world.
We're grateful for all you've provided: for the air in our lungs, the food, the drink, the clothes on our backs.
We lift up the blood before you.
We can confess our sins to you privately, and you are faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Holy Spirit, take me from glory to glory and correct me.
You are the captain of my ship.
Thank you, Lord, that you've never given up on us.
You sent angels; we have bodyguards in the heavenlies protecting us right now.
He gave us the Holy Spirit, our Comforter, our standby.
He made a mansion for you with gold streets.
Well, praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us today.
Click that notification bell, the like button, and the subscribe button.
We'll be back again tomorrow to pray more with y'all.
Thank you, Brandon.
Subscribe, click the notification bell.
Hopefully, this blessed you.
Comment something nice down below.
Help us with the algorithm.
God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much.
Bye-bye.